Add experimental MLIR support (#2063)
pocl/pocl: doc/sphinx/source/notes_7_2.rst

**************************
Release Notes for PoCL 7.2
**************************

===================================
Experimental and work-in-progress
===================================

> * Added experimental MLIR-based OpenCL C kernel compilation flow for CPUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a work-in-progress MLIR-based OpenCL C kernel compilation flow for CPUs.
```

Reviewer: Also mention which barrier scenarios are not supported to set the user expectation level.
